# build directory

The `build` directory contains the output of all build and generator tasks. For
instance, the output of compiling/transpiling source code, generating API
documentation from source code doc comments, and generating test reports is
outputted to this directory.

<details>
  <summary>SnapLib build directory structure tree</summary>
  (any elements with a trailing '/' character indicates it's a directory)

  ```none
(build)
.
├──docs/
├──css/
├──html/
├──js/
├──resources/
└──test/
```

</details>

## SnapLib build directory structure

- ### docs

The `docs` directory of the build directory contains generated API
documentation. This is the outputted files and directories generated by TypeDoc
parsing the doc comments contained in source code files.

- ### src code output directories (css, html, js, ...)

The `build` directory contains directories to write the output of all compiled
and/or transpiled source code. The name of each directory corresponds to the
final resulting language that a source code is compiled/transpiled to (or copied
to if doesn't get compiled or transpiled). For instance, compiled scss and sass
would be written to the `build/css` directory. TypeScript would be written to
the `build/js` directory.

- ### resources

The `resources` directory contains all files that aren't source code that are
referenced by source code files. These often include images, databases, xml,
etc.

- ### test

The `test` directory contains any generated test reports. For instance the
files/directories generated by reporters (such as [mochawesome][1]) get written
to this directory.

[1]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mochawesome "mochawesome"
