# build directory

The `build` directory contains the output of all build and generator tasks. For
instance, the output of compiling/transpiling source code, generating API
documentation from source code doc comments, and generating test reports is
outputted to this directory.

<details>
  <summary>SnapLib build directory structure tree</summary>
  (any elements with a trailing '/' character indicates it's a directory)

  ```none
(build)
.
├──docs/
├──css/
├──html/
├──js/
├──resources/
└──test/
```

</details>

## SnapLib build directory structure

- ### dist

The `dist` directory of the build directory contains the built distributable
version of the npm package appropriate for sharing, such as publishing to npm.
This often involves a version with a specific linting style enforced and/or
certain packages, libraries, frameworks, and/or features and fixes that are
still under development.

When publishing this npm project, the directory contained in the `dist`
directory is treated as the root of the package.

For example, when publishing the @snaplib/npm-fs package, the distributable
package gets built and outputted to /snaplib-npm-fs/build/dist/npm-fs/ Then the
built directory gets published via:
`npm publish build/dist/npm-fs`

- ### tsdocs

The `tsdocs` directory of the build directory contains generated API
documentation. This is the outputted files and directories generated by TypeDoc
parsing the doc comments contained in source code files.

- ### src code output directories (css, html, js, ...)

The `build` directory contains directories to write the output of all compiled
and/or transpiled source code. The name of each directory corresponds to the
final resulting language that a source code is compiled/transpiled to (or copied
to if doesn't get compiled or transpiled). For instance, compiled scss and sass
would be written to the `build/css` directory. TypeScript would be written to
the `build/js` directory.

- ### resources

The `resources` directory contains all files that aren't source code that are
referenced by source code files. These often include images, databases, xml,
etc. If no resources are used by the compiled program, then it's omitted.

- ### testreport

The `testreport` directory contains any generated test reports. For instance the
files/directories generated by reporters (such as [mochawesome][1]) get written
to this directory.

[1]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mochawesome "mochawesome"
